README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Description the project.


## Built With

- Postgress



## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Abraha Kahsay**

- GitHub: [@AbrahaKahsay](https://github.com/AbrahaKahsay)
- Twitter: [@abraha_ka](https://twitter.com/abraha_ka)
- LinkedIn: [abraha-kahsay](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abraha-kahsay/)

## Author

👤 **Mumenya Nyamu**

- GitHub: [@Nyame-Wolf](https://github.com/Nyame-Wolf)
- Twitter: [@mumenyam](https://twitter.com/Mumenyam)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mumenya-nyamu-software-engineer/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Nyame-Wolf/clinic-db/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Modify README.md to add project description

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Create a database based on a diagram

> In this project, we used a [database diagram](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-databases/blob/main/db-structure/database_from_diagram.md), interpreted it, and implemented the SQL needed to build that database.

## Built With

- PostgreSQL

## Authors

👤 **Abraha Kahsay**

- GitHub: [@AbrahaKahsay](https://github.com/AbrahaKahsay)
- Twitter: [@abraha_ka](https://twitter.com/abraha_ka)
- LinkedIn: [abraha-kahsay](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abraha-kahsay/)

## Author

👤 **Mumenya Nyamu**

- GitHub: [@Nyame-Wolf](https://github.com/Nyame-Wolf)
- Twitter: [@mumenyam](https://twitter.com/Mumenyam)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mumenya-nyamu-software-engineer/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Nyame-Wolf/clinic-db/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
